The h2 without a closing tag will still render fine. This happens because browsers use a parsing 
    algorithm that handles common errors and tries to render HTML as closely as possible to the 
    author's intention.

<h2>Subheading 3

=> An HTML validator is a tool that checks the validity of your HTML code against the standard HTML 
    specifications. 
    - It helps you identify errors and warnings in your HTML code, ensuring your web pages are 
        correctly structured and compliant with web standards.

    - There are several HTML validators out there you can use. The most widely accepted one is 
        the w3.org markup validation service.
    - When you visit the site validator.w3.org, you can click on the Validate by Direct Input button
     and paste in your HTML code. When you click on the Check button, then a list of results will 
        display with the errors that need to be fixed.

    - Another HTML validator that you can use is jsonformatter.org.
    - You can copy and paste your HTML code inside the first editor, and when you click on the 
        Validate button, it will show you any errors you have in your code.

=> Programmers often refer to issues as bugs. The process of finding and fixing these bugs is known 
    as debugging.
    - Two important tools to use would be the DOM inspector and developer tools.
    - The DOM inspector allows you to inspect the HTML structure of the page you are on.
        DOM stands for Document Object Model. It is a tree-like structure that represents the 
        elements on a page.
    - Devtools: a set of web developer tools built directly into the browser that helps you debug, 
        profile, and analyze web pages.

    - To open the developer tools in your browser, you can right-click on the page and select Inspect.
        use Control Shift I on your PC keyboard or Command Option I on your Mac.
        When you open developer tools in Google Chrome, you'll see a number of tabs. 
            The first tab is called the Elements tab. This tab shows you the HTML structure of the page
            you are on.
            The second tab is called the Console tab. This tab shows you any errors that might be occurring
            on the page.