Ethernet Frames
Ethernet is technology commonly used in local area networks. Devices access the Ethernet LAN using 
    an Ethernet Network Interface Card (NIC). 
Each Ethernet NIC has a unique address permanently embedded on the card known as a Media Access 
    Control (MAC) address. 
The MAC address for both the source and destination are fields in an Ethernet frame.

Encapsulation -> It is the process of prepending protocol information with information from another 
                    protocol.
- A message that is sent over a computer network follows specific format rules in order for it to 
    be delivered and processed.
- The process of placing one message format (the letter) inside another message format 
   (the envelope) is called encapsulation.
- De-encapsulation occurs when the process is reversed by the recipient and the letter is removed 
    from the envelope.

- Each computer message is encapsulated in a specific format, called a frame, before it is sent 
    over the network.
- A frame acts like an envelope; it provides the address of the intended destination and the 
    address of the source host.
- The format and contents of a frame are determined by the type of message being sent and the 
    channel over which it is communicated. 
- Messages that are not correctly formatted are not successfully delivered to or processed by the 
    destination host.


An Ethernet Switch is a device that is used at Layer 2. When a host send msgs to another host connected
to the same switched network, the switch accepts and decodes the frames to read the MAC address portion
of the msgs.
A table on the switch called MAC address table, contains list of all the active ports and the host 
MAC addresses that are attached to them.

When a msg is sent b/w hosts, the switch checks to see if the destination MAC address is in the 
table. If it is, the switch builds the temporary connection called Circuit, b/w the source and 
destination ports.

Ethernet switches also allows for sneding and receiving frames over the same Ethernet Cable.
It improves performance of the network bby eliminating collisions.