There are many different types of devices that might be connecting to a home network:
= Desktop computers, Gaming systems, Smart TV systems, Printers, Scanners, Security cameras, Telephones, 
    Climate control devices.

Home Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN)

=> Small business and home routers typically have two primary types of ports:
    - Ethernet Ports: These ports connect to the internal switch portion of the router. These ports are 
                        usually labeled “Ethernet” or “LAN”. All devices connected to the switch ports 
                        are on the same local network.
    - Internet Ports: This port is used to connect the device to another network. The internet port 
                        connects the router to a different network than the Ethernet ports. 
                        This port is often used to connect to the cable or DSL modem in order to access 
                        the internet.

LAN Wireless Frequencies
=> The wireless technologies most frequently used in home networks are in the unlicensed 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz 
    frequency ranges.
=> Bluetooth is a technology that makes use of the 2.4 GHz band. It is limited to low-speed, short-range 
    communications. Advantage of communicating with many devices at the same time. one-to-many 
    communication has made Bluetooth technology the preferred method for connecting computer peripherals 
    such as wireless mice, keyboards and printers.
=> Other technologies that use the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands are the modern wireless LAN technologies that 
    conform to the various IEEE 802.11 standards.
=> 802.11 devices transmit at a much higher power level giving them a great range and improved throughput.
    Certain areas of the electromagnetic spectrum can be used without a permit.

Wired Network technology
=> The most commonly implemented wired protocol is the Ethernet protocol.
=> Ethernet uses a suite of protocols that allow network devices to communicate over a wired LAN connection. 
=> An Ethernet LAN can connect devices using many different types of wiring media.
=> Directly connected devices use an Ethernet patch cable, usually unshielded twisted pair. These cables 
    can be purchased with the RJ-45 connectors already installed, and they come in various lengths. 
=> Recently constructed homes may have Ethernet jacks already wired in the walls of the home. For those 
    homes that do not have UTP wiring, there are other technologies, such as powerline, that can distribute
    wired connectivity throughout the premises.
=> Category 5e is the most common wiring used in a LAN. The cable is made up of 4 pairs of wires that are 
    twisted to reduce electrical interference.
=> Coaxial cable has an inner wire surrounded by a tubular insulating layer, that is then surrounded by a 
    tubular conducting shield. Most coax cables also have an external insulating sheath or jacket.
=> Fiber-optic cables can be either glass or plastic with a diameter about the same as a human hair and 
    it can carry digital information at very high speeds over long distances. Fiber-optic cables have a 
    very high bandwidth, which enables them to carry very large amounts of data.

Wi-Fi Network
=> The main organization responsible for the creation of wireless technical standards is the 
    "Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers" (IEEE).
=> The IEEE 802.11 standard governs the WLAN environment.
=> Wireless standards for LANs use the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. Collectively these technologies 
    are referred to as 'Wi-Fi'.
=> Another organization, known as the Wi-Fi Alliance, is responsible for testing wireless LAN devices 
    from different manufacturers.

=> Wireless Settings
    - Network Mode: 802.11b,802.11g,802.11n or Mixed Mode.
    - Network Name (SSID): Used to identify the WLAN. All devices that wish to participate in the WLAN must
                            have the same SSID.
    - Standard Channel: specifies the channel over which communication will occur. By default set to 'Auto'
                        to allow access point (AP) to determine the optium channel to use.
    - SSID (Service Set Identifier) Broadcast: Determines if the SSID will be broadcast to all devices 
                                                within range. By default, set to Enabled.

The SSID is a case-sensitive, alphanumeric string that contains up to 32 characters. 
    - It is sent in the header of all frames transmitted over the WLAN. 
    - The SSID is used to tell wireless devices, called wireless stations (STAs), which WLAN they belong to 
        and with which other devices they can communicate.
    - We use the SSID to identify a specific wireless network. It is essentially the name of the network. 
    - Wireless routers usually broadcast their configured SSIDs by default. The SSID broadcast allows other
        devices and wireless clients to automatically discover the name of the wireless network. 
        When the SSID broadcast is disabled, you must manually enter the SSID on wireless devices.
    - Disabling SSID broadcasting can make it more difficult for legitimate clients to find the wireless 
        network. 
    - Simply turning off the SSID broadcast is not sufficient to prevent unauthorized clients from 
        connecting to the wireless network. All wireless networks should use the strongest available
        encryption to restrict unauthorized access.