These precautions should be taken to protect Wi-Fi communications on mobile devices:
- Never send login or password information using unencrypted text (plaintext).
- Use a VPN connection when possible if you are sending sensitive data.
- Enable security on home networks.
- Use WPA2 or higher encryption for security.

The most common type of Cellular telephone network is called a GSM Network.

NFC (Near Field communication) is a wireless communication technology that enables data to be exchanged 
    by devices that are in very close proximity to each other, usually less than a few centimeters.
    - It allows a customer to connect to a payment system with a smartphone.

'SSID' is the name assigned to a wireless network. 
'Passphrase' is what we normally use as the “wireless password”.

To connect to a Wi-Fi network manually on an Android device, follow these steps:
Step 1. Select Settings > Add network.
Step 2. Enter the network SSID.
Step 3. Touch Security and select a security type.
Step 4. Touch Password and enter the password.
Step 5. Touch Save.

To connect to a Wi-Fi network manually on an iOS device, follow these steps:
Step 1. Select Settings > Wi-Fi > Other.
Step 2. Enter the network SSID.
Step 3. Touch Security and select a security type.
Step 4. Touch Other Network.
Step 5. Touch Password and enter the password.
Step 6. Touch Join.

=> Cellular data plans are offered by most cell phone carriers, but the bandwidth limitations and charges 
    for usage vary widely by carrier, and by plan within carriers.

=> Bluetooth technology provides a simple way for mobile devices to connect to each other and to wireless 
    accessories.
    - Bluetooth is wireless, automatic, and uses very little power, which helps conserve battery life.
    - Up to eight Bluetooth devices can be connected together at any one time.
    - Some examples: Hands-free headset, Keyboard or mouse, Stereo control, Car speakerphone, Tethering,
                    Mobile speaker.
    - During the pairing process, a personal identification number (PIN) may be requested to authenticate 
        the pairing process. The PIN is often a number, but can also be a numeric code or passkey. 
        The PIN is stored using pairing services, so it does not have to be entered the next time the device 
            tries to connect. 
        This is convenient when using a headset with a smart phone, because they are paired automatically 
            when the headset is turned on and within range.
