"Broadcast Domains and Segmentation"

=> In an Ethernet LAN, devices use broadcasts and the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) to locate other 
    devices.

=> ARP sends Layer 2 broadcasts to a known IPv4 address on the local network to discover the associated 
    MAC address.

=> Devices on Ethernet LANs also locate other devices using services.

=> A host typically acquires its IPv4 address configuration using the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol 
    (DHCP) which sends broadcasts on the local network to locate a DHCP server.

Routers do not propagate broadcasts. When a router receives a broadcast, it does not forward it out other 
    interfaces. 
    For instance, when R1 receives a broadcast on its Gigabit Ethernet 0/0 interface, it does not forward 
    out another interface.

    Therefore, each router interface connects to a broadcast domain and broadcasts are only propagated 
        within that specific broadcast domain.

"Problems with Large Broadcast Domains"

=> A large broadcast domain is a network that connects many hosts.

=> A problem with a large broadcast domain is that these hosts can generate excessive broadcasts and 
    negatively affect the network.

    For Example: If LAN 1 connects 400 users that could generate an excess amount of broadcast traffic. 
                    This results in slow network operations due to the significant amount of traffic 
                    it can cause, and slow device operations because a device must accept and process 
                    each broadcast packet.

=> The solution is to reduce the size of the network to create smaller broadcast domains in a process 
    called "subnetting". 
    These smaller network spaces are called "subnets".

"Reasons for Segmenting Networks":
    - Subnetting reduces overall network traffic and improves network performance.
    - It also enables an administrator to implement security policies such as which subnets are allowed or 
        not allowed to communicate together.
    - It reduces the number of devices affected by abnormal broadcast traffic due to misconfigurations, 
        hardware/software problems, or malicious intent.
