"Hosts" can send and receive messages on the network. In modern networks, computer hosts can act as a 
    client, a server, or both.

"Client"
- Clients are the computer hosts that have software installed that enables the hosts to request and display
    the information obtained from the server.

"Server"
- Servers are the hosts that have software installed which enable them to provide information like email 
    or web pages, to other host on the network.
    Every destination that you visit online is provided to you by a server located somewhere on a network 
    that is connected to the global internet.

"Peer-to-Peer Networks"
- Client and server software usually run on separate computers, but it is also possible for one computer 
    to run both client and server software at the same time. In small businesses and homes, many computers
    function as the servers and clients on the network. 
    This type of network is called a peer-to-peer (P2P) network.

- The simplest P2P network consists of two directly connected computers using either a wired or wireless 
    connection. Both computers are then able to use this simple network to exchange data and services with
    each other, acting as either a client or a server as necessary.

- Multiple PCs can also be connected to create a larger P2P network, but this requires a network device, 
    such as a switch, to interconnect the computers.

- Advantages: Easy to set up
                Less complex
                Lower cost because network devices and dedicated servers may not be required
                Can be used for simple tasks such as transferring files and sharing printers

- Disadvantage: Performance of a host can be slowed down if it is acting as both a client and a server at 
                the same time. 
                No centralized administration
                Not as secure
                Not scalable

- P2P applications require that each end device provide a user interface and run a background service.
- Some P2P applications use a hybrid system where resource sharing is decentralized, but the indexes that
    point to resource locations are stored in a centralized directory.
    In a hybrid system, each peer accesses an index server to get the location of a resource stored on another peer.

Multiple roles in the Network
=> A computer with server software can provide services simultaneously to one or many clients.
=> A single computer can run multiple types of server software as well as client software. There must be
    client software for every service required. With multiple clients installed, a host can connect to 
    multiple servers at the same time.

The network infrastructure contains three categories of hardware components
- End devices: Desktop, Phone, Printer, Laptops, Wireless Tablet, Security cameras, etc. 
- Intermediate devices: Wireless Router, LAN Switch, Router, Firewall Appliance, etc.
- Network media: Wireless media, LAN media, WAN media.

"End Devices"
=> The network devices that people are most familiar with are called end devices, or hosts. These devices 
    form the interface between users and the underlying communication network.
=> An end device (or host) is either the source or destination of a message transmitted over the network.
    - In order to uniquely identify hosts, addresses are used. When a host initiates communication, 
        it uses the address of the destination host to specify where the message should be sent.

"ISP" services and connections
=> An Internet Service Provider (ISP) provides the link between the home network and the internet. 
    It can be the local cable provider, a landline telephone service provider, the cellular network that 
    provides your smartphone service, or an independent provider who leases bandwidth on the physical 
    network infrastructure of another company.

=> Many ISPs also offer additional services to their contract subscribers can include email accounts, 
    network storage, and website hosting and automated backup or security services.

=> ISPs are connected in a hierarchical manner that ensures that internet traffic generally takes the 
    shortest path from the source to the destination.

=> The primary medium that connects the internet backbone is fiber-optic cable. This cable is typically 
    installed underground to connect cities within continents. Fiber-optic cables also run under the sea 
    to connect continents, countries, and cities.

=> The interconnection of ISPs that forms the backbone of the internet is a complex web of fiber-optic 
    cables with expensive networking switches and routers that direct the flow of information between 
    source and destination hosts.

=> Other ISP connection options for home users include the following: Cellular, Satellite, Dial-up Telephone.

Cables and DSL connections
=> Cable - Typically offered by cable television service providers, the internet data signal is carried 
            on the same coaxial cable that delivers cable television. 
            - It provides a high bandwidth, always on, connection to the internet. 
            - A special cable modem separates the internet data signal from the other signals carried on 
            the cable and provides an Ethernet connection to a host computer or LAN.

=> DSL - (Digital Subscriber Line)  provides a high bandwidth, always on, connection to the internet.
            - It requires a special high-speed modem that separates the DSL signal from the telephone signal and 
                provides an Ethernet connection to a host computer or LAN.
            - DSL runs over a telephone line, with the line split into three channels: 
                One channel is used for voice telephone calls. This allows an individual to receive phone calls 
                    without disconnecting from the internet.
                Second channel is a faster download channel, used to receive information from the internet.
                Third channel is used for sending or uploading information. It is slightly slower.