The "internet" is a worldwide collection of interconnected networks (internetwork or internet for short), 
    cooperating with each other to exchange information using common standards.
 - Through telephone wires, fiber-optic cables, wireless transmissions, and satellite links, internet 
    users can exchange information in a variety of forms.

=> Local networks come in all sizes. They can range from simple networks consisting of two computers, 
    to networks connecting hundreds of thousands of devices.

=> Networks installed in small offices, or homes and home offices, are referred to as small office/home 
    office (SOHO) networks. 
    'SOHO' networks let you share resources such as printers, documents, pictures, and music, between a 
        few local users.

 -  Networks allow for rapid communication such as email and instant messaging, and provide consolidation 
    and access to information stored on network servers.
    
 - Business and SOHO networks usually provide a shared connection to the internet. The internet is 
    considered a "network of networks" because it is literally made up of thousands of local networks 
    that are connected to each other.

Example:
- Mobile Devices, Home Devices.
- Radio frequency identification (RFIDs) tags can be placed in or on objects to track them or monitor 
    sensors for many conditions.
- Connected sensors can provide temperature, humidity, wind speed, barometric pressure, and soil moisture data.
- Actuators can then be automatically triggered based on current conditions. Used to produce physical movements.

Types of Personal data:
=> Volunteered Data: Created and explicitly shared by individuals, such as social network profiles. 
                        Include video files, pictures, text or audio files.
=> Observed Data: Captured by recording the actions of individuals, such as location data when using cell phone.
=> Inferred Data: Data such as credit score, based on analysis of Volunteered or Observed data.


The "Bit"
- All of our data is stored and transmitted as a series of bits (A basic unit of information that 
    represents one of two discrete states).
- Each bit can only have one of two possible values, 0 or 1.
- The term bit is an abbreviation of “binary digit” and represents the smallest piece of data. 
    Humans interpret words and pictures, computers interpret only patterns of bits.
- Computers use binary codes to represent and interpret letters, numbers and special characters with bits.
- A commonly used code is the American Standard Code for Information Interchange (ASCII). With ASCII, 
    each character is represented by eight bits.
- Each group of eight bits, such as the representations of letters and numbers, is known as a byte.

"Data transmissions"
- After the data is transformed into a series of bits, it must be converted into signals that can be sent 
    across the network media to its destination.
- Media refers to the physical medium on which the signals are transmitted. Examples of media are copper 
    wire, fiber-optic cable, and electromagnetic waves through the air.
- A signal consists of electrical or optical patterns that are transmitted from one connected device to another.
    These patterns represent the digital bits (i.e. the data) and travel across the media from source to 
    destination as either a series of pulses of electricity, pulses of light, or radio waves.
    Signals may be converted many times before ultimately reaching the destination, as corresponding media 
    changes between source and destination.
- There are three common methods of signal transmission used in networks:
    => Electrical signals - Transmission is achieved by representing data as electrical pulses on copper wire.
    => Optical signals - Transmission is achieved by converting the electrical signals into light pulses.
    => Wireless signals - Transmission is achieved by using infrared, microwave, or radio waves through the air.

"BandWidth"
=> BandWidth is a capacity of a medium to carry a data. Digital BandWidth measures the amount of data that 
    can flow from one place to another in a given amount of time.
    It is measured in the number of bits that can be sent across the media in a second.
    Common BandWidth measures are: thousands of bits per second (kbps), millions of bits per second (Mbps), 
                                    billions of bits per second (Gbps)

"Throughput"
=> Throughput is the measure of the transfer of bits across the media over a given period of time.
    Many factors influence throughput including:
        - The amount of data being sent and received over the connection
        - The types of data being transmitted
        - The latency created by the number of network devices encountered between source and destination
    In an internetwork or network with multiple segments, throughput cannot be faster than the slowest 
        link of the path from sending device to the receiving device.

=> "Latency" refers to the amount of time, including delays, for data to travel from one given point to another.