A file management application is a way to easily store, organize, and edit your files on your 
    computer. 
    Whether you use a Mac or Windows computer, there are built-in applications you can use to 
    organize your files.

If you have a Windows computer, the default file manager is the File Explorer. 
    This is used to browse, search, and manage files and folders, as well as perform file 
    operations like copying, moving, and deleting.

If you have a Mac computer, the default file manager is the Finder. 
    This provides access to local and remote files, supports file previews, and offers a variety 
    of organizational features like tags and Smart Folders.

File/Folder Organization in Web Applications

.                           -> represents the root directory
├── /assets                 -> refers to any files that are used in the project, such as images, fonts, or other resources.
│   ├── /images
│   │   ├── logo.png
│   │   ├── banner.jpg
│   │   └── icons.svg
│   ├── /fonts
│   │   ├── custom-font.woff
│   │   └── custom-font.woff2
├── /css                    -> referred to as a stylesheets directory.
│   ├── main.css
│   ├── about.css
│   └── contact.css
├── index.html
├── about.html
├── contact.html
└── README.md


These are some of the most widely used image file types & video and audio formats..
=> JPEG, which stands for "Joint Photographic Experts Group," is known for its efficient compression.
    It's great for photographs and images. 
    The compression is lossy, which means that some image quality is lost to reduce the file size.
=> PNG, which stands for "Portable Network Graphics," preserves image quality, even after compression. 
    This results in larger files. 
    PNG supports transparency and it's great for images with sharp edges, like logos and icons.
=> GIF stands for "Graphics Interchange Format." The GIF image format supports both animation and 
    transparency but has a limited color palette.
=> SVG, which stands for "Scalable Vector Graphics."  It's a vector image format.
    These images can be scaled as much as needed without losing quality.

=> MP3 is an audio format known for its efficient compression. It's a lossy format, so some audio 
    data is lost during the compression to make these files smaller.
=> MP4 is one of the most common video formats. It offers good compression and supports multiple 
    audio and video codecs, subtitles, and metadata.
=> MOV, the QuickTime multimedia file format developed by Apple, is primarily associated with 
    QuickTime Player.
=> Other audio and video file types are WAV, a lossless audio format that keeps the original quality
    of the audio, and WebM, a high-quality open-source video format.

If you ever need to customize the fonts of your web application, you will also work with font 
    formats. These are three of the most widely used ones.
=> TTF, which stands for "TrueType Font", is a font format compatible with different operating systems.
=> WOFF is a modern font format, specifically designed for web development purposes. 
    - It stands for "Web Open Font Format".
    - These files are smaller because they have better compression.
    - They can also store metadata, including licensing information.
=> WOFF2 is the successor of WOFF with even more efficient compression and performance.

The most widely used archive format is ZIP. ZIP offers lossless compression, so no data is lost 
    during the process. 
    It's widely supported across operating systems and software applications.

