An "algorithm" is a set of unambiguous instructions for solving a problem or carrying out a task.

"Big O notation" describes the worst-case performance, or growth rate, of an algorithm as the input 
    size increases.
The growth rate of an algorithm refers to how the resources it requires increase as the input size 
    grows.
Big O notation focuses on the worst-case performance because this case is very important to 
    understand how efficient the algorithm can be, even in the worst case scenario, regardless of 
    the input.

Big O notation will not give you an exact number to describe the algorithm's efficiency, 
    but it will give you an idea of how it scales as the input size grows, based on the number 
    of operations performed by the algorithm.

In Big O notation, we usually denote input size with the letter n. For example, if the input is a 
    list, n would denote the number of elements in that list.

"Quadratic time complexity" is one of many different types of time complexities that you can find in 
the world of algorithms.

"O(1)" is known as "Constant Time Complexity". When an algorithm has constant time complexity, 
    it takes the same amount of time to run, regardless of input size.

"O(log n)" is known as "Logarithmic Time Complexity". This means that the time required by the 
        algorithm increases slowly as the input size grows. 
    This is common in problems in which the size of the problem is repeatedly reduced by a constant 
        fraction.
    A popular search algorithm called Binary Search has O(log n) worst-case time complexity. 
        This is because it eliminates half of the remaining elements in each comparison, 
            which makes it more efficient overall.

"O(n)" is known as "Linear Time Complexity". The running time of algorithms with this time complexity 
    increases proportionally to the input size.

"O(n log n)" is known as "Log-Linear Time Complexity". This is a common time complexity of efficient
    sorting algorithms, like Merge Sort and Quick Sort.

"O(n²)" is known as "Quadratic Time Complexity". The running time of these algorithms increases 
    quadratically relative to the input size, which is generally not efficient for real-world 
        problems.

Other time complexities include 
    "Exponential Time Complexity", denoted as O(2^n)
    "Factorial Time Complexity", denoted as O(n!).

"Pseudocode" is a high-level description of the algorithm's logic that is general in nature, 
and is not based on any specific programming language.
    It is not as formal as actual code, since it's only intended for humans to read. 
    It should be easy to understand at a glance. 
    Its main purpose is to give a clear idea of the sequence of steps that will be performed.
    It is usually a mixture of a common written language, like English, with programming constructs,
    like IF, ELSE, FOR, and WHILE.

Example: 
            GET original_string

            SET reversed_string = ""

            FOR EACH character IN original_string:
            ADD character TO THE BEGINNING OF reversed_string

            DISPLAY reversed_string

"Static arrays" have a fixed size. They store elements in adjacent memory locations.
    - The size of a static array is determined when the array is initialized.
    - Once that specific block of memory is allocated, it's fixed, and cannot be 
        changed while the program is running. 

"Dynamic arrays" are more flexible because they can grow or shrink automatically while the program 
    is running.
    - They work through an automatic resizing mechanism that copies the elements into a new array 
        when the original array is full. 
        The process is done efficiently because the size of the new array is chosen in an efficient 
        way that makes these computationally expensive operations less frequent.

"Stacks"
- Last-in, First-out (LIFO) data structure.
- This means that the last element that was added to the stack is the first one to be removed.
- Stacks have two ends, which we know as top and bottom.
- Elements are added and removed from the top of the stack.
- Adding an element to a stack is known as a "push" operation. 
- Removing an element from a stack is known as a "pop" operation.
- We don't really perform any operations at the bottom of the stack but we keep 
    it there as a reference.
- The time complexity of the push and pop operations is typically O(1), a constant time complexity.
- The space complexity of the push and pop operations is usually constant O(1). 
    This means that the amount of memory required to perform these operations remains constant 
        regardless of the size of the stack.

"Queues"
- First-in First-out (FIFO) linear data structure.
- This means that the first element added to the queue is the first one to be removed.
- Queues have two ends: front and back.
- Elements are added to the back of the queue and they are removed from the front of the queue.
- Adding an element to the back of a queue is known as an "enqueue" operation.
    The new element is added to the end of the queue, becoming the end of the line.
- Removing an element from the front of the queue is known as a "dequeue" operation.
    The element at the front of the queue is removed, and the next element in line becomes the 
        new front.
- The time complexity & space complexity  of the enqueue and dequeue operations is O(1), 
    constant time. 

"Linked Lists"
A linked list is a linear data structure in which each node is connected to the next node in the 
    sequence. Looks like a chain of nodes, where each node stores data and a reference to the 
        next node in the linked list.
Used to implement essential graph algorithms, such as depth-first search and breadth-first search.
They do not have a fixed size. They can be expanded or shrunk as needed by simply updating the 
    connections between the nodes.
"Singly Linked Lists"
    - Type of linked list in which each node is connected to the next node in the sequence.
    - Each node is connected to the next one by storing a reference to it.
    - This single reference per node allows you to traverse the linked list in one direction,
        from start to end.
    - The search can only move forward, not backwards.
    - The head node is the first node in the linked list.
    - The tail node is the last node.
    - You can insert a node at the start, middle, and end of a linked list.

"Doubly Linked Lists"
    -  each node stores two references: a reference to the next node and a reference to the previous
        node in the sequence.
    - can be traversed in both directions.
    - require more memory because each node stores two references instead of one.

"Abstract Data Type (ADT)" is a conceptual representation of a data type, including what operations 
    can be performed on the data and the properties of that data.

A "map" is an ADT that manages collections of key-value pairs and their operations in a very 
    specific and efficient way.
    - every value is associated with a specific key.
    - every key must be unique, allows for direct lookups, which makes the process of retrieving 
        information much more efficient.
    - values can be repeated.
    - inserting key-value pairs, getting the value associated with a key, updating the value 
        associated with a key, removing a key-value pair, and checking if a key exists in the map.

A "hash map", also known as a 'hash table', is a concrete implementation of the map Abstract Data Type.
    - Hash maps use a technique called "hashing" to perform common operations very efficiently.
    - Hashing essentially works by generating a hash value for each element using a hash function.
    - based on the key of the key-value pair and it's used to calculate an index in an underlying array,
        the actual data structure where the key-value pairs are stored.


