"Graphs" are data structures used to represent the connections or relationships between objects or 
    entities. They're often used to model networks.

The types of networks that you can model with a graph include social networks, transportation 
    networks, communications networks, and even recommendation systems.

They're very versatile.

A graph is often represented as a collection of points or circles connected by lines.

These circles and lines represent the two main components of a graph: nodes and edges.

"Nodes", also known as vertices, represent the objects or entities that are part of the network 
    modeled by the graph. 
    They could be users, products, stations, cities, or any other entities in the model.

"Edges" are the connections between the nodes. If two nodes are connected by an edge, 
    that means that they're somehow connected in the network.

If two nodes are directly connected by an edge, like nodes A and B in this example, they're 
    known as "adjacent nodes".

"Types of Graphs":
=> 'Undirected graphs' are graphs where the edges don't have a specific direction. 
    This type of edge is usually represented with a straight line between the nodes.
    - If there's an edge connecting nodes A and B, the connection works in both directions: 
        from node A to node B and from node B to node A. The connection is bidirectional.
=> 'Directed graphs' are graphs where the edges do have a specific direction.
    - If there is a connection from node A to node B, that doesn't necessarily imply that there 
        is a connection from node B to node A.
    - The edges of a directed graph are often represented as straight lines that end with an 
        arrow to indicate the direction.

=> 'Vertex labeled graph' is a graph in which each node is associated with a label or identifier in
    addition to its data. 
    These labels are used to identify the nodes, represent them visually, and store additional 
        information about them.

=> 'Cyclic graphs' are directed graphs with at least one cycle.
    - A cycle is a path that you can follow through the edges of a graph that will take you back to 
        the initial node where you started.

=> 'Edge labeled graphs', edges are associated with labels. 
    These labels are usually drawn next to their corresponding edges.

=> 'Weighted Graphs' Weighted graphs are a specific type of edge labeled graph in which the labels 
    on the edges represent values that can be compared and used to perform arithmetic operations.
    - Some edges have a higher weight, while others have a lower weight. These weights represent the 
        "cost" of the edge.

=> 'Directed Acyclic Graph' which is a directed graph with no cycles.
    - If you start at a specific node, you cannot go back to it because of the direction of the edges.

=> 'Disconnected Graph' is a graph with two or more groups of nodes that are not connected by any 
    edges.

"Traversing"
=> Traversals are used to do something with every single node in the data structure, 
    like printing their values, finding a specific value, or performing certain operations on the 
        nodes.

=> 'Breadth-first search' (BFS) is an algorithm that visits all neighboring nodes before moving to 
    the next level in the graph.
    - It can be used to find the shortest path between two nodes in an unweighted graph because 
        it analyzes all the nodes at each level, so it finds the path with fewest edges first.
    - Implemented using a queue data structure to keep track of the nodes that have been visited.
    - It requires storing a queue in memory, and this queue may have a large number of nodes, 
        the space requirements of this algorithm can be considerable.

    We start at node A, then move to the next level to visit nodes B and C, then to the next level 
        to nodes D, E, F, and G. That is the core principle of breadth-first search (BFS).
    
    The algorithm works like this:

            1. You start at a specific node.
            2. That node is marked as visited and added to the queue.
            3. While the queue is not empty, the current node is removed from the queue (dequeued).

=> 'Depth-First Search' (DFS) follows each branch as deep as possible before it backtracks. 
    - used to solve puzzles with a single solution, detecting cycles in a graph, and finding connected 
        graph components.
    - using recursion or a stack data structure to keep track of the visited nodes.

    One of the limitations of this algorithm is that it's not always guaranteed to find the shortest 
        path between two nodes in an unweighted graph.

    We start at node A, and then move all the way down the tree to node B, and nodes D and E, 
        before we move up again to node C and then nodes F and G. 
    This is the core principle of depth-first search (DFS), traversing full paths before backtracking
        and finding other paths.
                                [A → B → D → E → C → F → G]

    The algorithm works like this:

            1. Start at a specific node.
            2. That node is marked as visited and added to the stack.
            3. While the stack is not empty, the current node is popped (removed).

"Adjacency Matrices"
- A two-dimensional list in which the rows and columns represent the graph's vertices.
- The values in the matrix represent the edges or connections between the nodes.
- Advantage:  Checking if there is an edge between two nodes takes constant time O(1). 
                This is because the program only needs to find that particular value in the 2D list.
- Adjacency matrices have a large quadratic space requirement O(V²), where V is the number of nodes 
    in the graph.
    => This is inefficient for sparse graphs, which are graphs that only have a few edges. 
        Because if the graph is sparse, you will be storing many 0s in the matrix to represent 
        the lack of edges between the nodes, and these 0s will still take space in memory.

    => The values may have different meanings depending on whether the graph is weighted or unweighted:
        - If the graph is unweighted, a value of 1 means that there is an edge connecting these 
            nodes, while a value of 0 means there is no edge between them.
        - If the graph is weighted, the value would represent the weight of the edge that connects 
            the nodes.
Example: adjacency_matrix = [
            [0, 1, 1, 1],  # The neighbors of A are B, C, and D
            [1, 0, 0, 1],  # The neighbors of B are A and D
            [1, 0, 0, 0],  # The only neighbor of C is A
            [1, 1, 0, 0]   # The neighbors of D are A and B
        ]

"Adjacency Lists"
- An adjacency list is an array or dictionary that stores all the neighbors of each node.
- There are two ways to implement adjacency lists:
        -> As an array, where each index represents a node and the list stored at that index 
            contains its neighbors.
        -> As a dictionary, where each key represents a node and the value associated to that key 
            (a list) contains its neighbors.
- More efficient in terms of space requirements. They have a O(V + E) space complexity, where V is 
    the number of vertices (nodes) and E is the number of edges.
- Less efficient if there is an edge between two nodes. 
    The search process can take O(V) time in the worst-case, since it may have to search through a 
        very long list of neighbors if the node is connected to all the other nodes in the graph.


Difference:
    => The adjacency matrix stores 0s, 1s, or other values that represent the edges or weights of 
        the edges in the graph.
    => The adjacency list stores the actual list of all the neighbors of each node.
