"Inheritance"

With "inheritance", a subclass (or child class) can use the attributes and methods of a base class 
    (or parent class). 
    This allows you to reuse code, create clear class hierarchies, and customize behavior without 
    rewriting everything. 
    You can customize by extending existing methods or overriding them in the child class.

For the Child class to inherit from the Parent class, you have to pass the Parent to the Child.
This style is called "single inheritance", since a child class inherits from exactly one parent class.

Syntax for inheritance:

            class Parent:
                # Parent attributes and methods

            class Child(Parent):
                # Child inherits, extends, and/or overrides where necessary

Example:
        class Animal:
            def __init__(self, name):
                self.name = name

            def sound(self):
                return f'{self.name} makes a sound'

        class Dog(Animal):
            bark = 'woof! woof!! woof!!!'

        jack = Dog('Jack')
        print(jack.sound())  # Jack makes a sound
        print(jack.bark)  # woof! woof!! woof!!!

If you want to keep the return value of sound() and add the bark class variable later, you can 
    extend sound() by using the "super()" function

"Multiple inheritance", where a child class can inherit from more than one parent class.

Syntax of multiple inheritance:

            class Parent:
                # Attributes and methods for Parent

            class Child:
                # Attributes and methods for Child

            class GrandChild(Parent, Child):
                # GrandChild inherits from both Parent and Child
                # GrandChild can combine or override behavior from each


"Polymorphism"
With polymorphism, you have access to an interface where you can interact with many objects of the 
    same kind.
Polymorphism allows methods in different classes to share the same name but perform different tasks.
     You call the same method name on different objects, and each responds in its own way.

Example of polymorphism:

            class A:
            def action(self): ...

            class B:
            def action(self): ...

            class C:
            def action(self): ...

            Class().method()  # Works for A, B, or C

Example:

        class Cat:
            def speak(self):
                return "A cat meow"

            class Bird:
            def speak(self):
                return "A bird tweet"
            
            class Monkey:
            def speak(self):
                return "A monkey ooh ooh aah aah ooh ooh aah aah"

            def animal_sound(animal):
            print(animal.speak())

            animal_sound(Cat())
            animal_sound(Bird())
            animal_sound(Monkey())

"Inheritance-based polymorphism"
=> a parent class defines a method, and multiple child classes override that method in their own way.
     You can then call the same method on any child object, and it behaves differently depending on
     which child class it is.

"Abstraction"
It is the process of hiding complex implementation details and showing only the essential features 
    of an object or system.

How Python implements abstraction, it does so through the "abc" module.
=> This module provides the ABC class (standing for “abstract base class”) and the 
    "@abstractmethod" decorator.

"ABC" is the class that is meant to be inherited from, but you cannot create direct objects from it.
It is what defines a common interface of methods and properties that its subclasses must implement.

An "abstract method" is a method declared in an Abstract Base Class (ABC) using the @abstractmethod 
decorator. 
It may have no implementation or a basic default one. However, any subclass must override it to be
 considered concrete and instantiable, even if a default implementation is provided.

Syntax:
        from abc import ABC, abstractmethod

        # Define an abstract base class
        class AbstractClass(ABC):
            @abstractmethod
            def abstract_method(self):
                pass

        # Concrete subclass that implements the abstract method
        class ConcreteClassOne(AbstractClass):
            def abstract_method(self):
                print('Implementation in ConcreteClassOne')

        # Another concrete subclass
        class ConcreteClassTwo(AbstractClass):
            def abstract_method(self):
                print('Implementation in ConcreteClassTwo')