In JS, two types of scopes
-Global Scope: Scope outside the outermost function attached to the window. 
    In simple means anything which is outside declare and initialized and that is globally available.
- Local Scope: Inside the function being executed. Also known as Function Scope.
    In simple means variable can only be accessible from inside function. If not inside function, show ReferenceError.
- Block Scope: let and const vaiables can be accessible from inside block only, "var" keyword not applicable.

JS has a function-level-scope
ES6 has introduced two new keywords- 'let' and 'const', to declare block-scoped variables. 
When a variable is declared using 'const' or 'let', it is visible only inside the particular block in which it is declared.
--> const is a signal that the identifier won’t be reassigned
--> let is a signal that the variable may be reassigned

In JavaScript an attempt to access a variable before its declaration results in a ReferenceError.

"Thread of execution"
JS is single-threaded language. Single sequential flow of control.
It is a synchronous language with asynchronous capabilities.
A thread has call stack & memory

"The Call Stack"
Manages Execution context
Stacks are LIFO - Last In First Out

"Execution context"
- When u run any JavaScript, a special environment is created to handle the transformation & execution of code.
    In simple means, an environment in which our code is executed and evaluated.
This is called Execution context. Contains currently rnnning code.
There is Global Execution context (default) & Function Execution context.
--> JS engine creates Global Execution context before it starts to execute the code.
--> New Execution context gets created every time a function is executed.

"Execution Stack"
- Known as Calling Stack, with LIFO (Last In First Out) structure, used to store all execution context created 
    during code execution.

"Hoisting"
- A process where the interpreter appears to move the declaration of functions and variables to the top of their 
    scope prior to execution of code.
JS only hoist declaration not initialization, variable will be undefined until line reached where it is initialized.
- Due to "var" hoisting happens, with "let" and "const" it doesn't.
- "var" cannot used function expression in hoisting.

"Scoping"
- The scope is a region of the program where a variable can be accessed. In other words, scope determines the 
    accessibility/visibility of a variable.



'var' variable lifecycle

var x               -->   Declaration
                                        "both are Creation Phase"
x = undefined       -->   Initialize

x = 10              -->   Assign        "is Execution Phase"


'let' variable lifecycle

let x               -->   Declaration   "is Creation Phase"

                        (Temporal dead zone) - Not Accessible 

x = undefined       -->   Initialize
                                        "both are Execution Phase"
x = 10              -->   Assign        