=> Screen magnifiers are tools that help people with low vision and other visual impairments better 
access digital content and the web.

 - Screen magnifiers work by enlarging texts, graphics, and other elements on a computer or 
    mobile device screen. Many screen magnifiers allow users to enlarge the display by more than 200%. 

 - Screen magnifiers also assist with web browsing. They help users locate and click on buttons, 
    links, and other interactive elements that might be difficult to see.


Apart from the ones built into operating systems, some useful third party screen magnifiers are:

- ZoomText for Windows.
- ClaroView for both macOS and Windows.
- iZoom for Windows.
- Zoomify - Screen Magnifier for macOS.
- LunarPluse for Windows.
- Loupe for macOS.


=> Voice recognition software helps people with disabilities interact with computers and other 
    digital devices.

   - voice recognition tools let people with disabilities use their voice to pass commands to 
      perform various tasks instead of using traditional input devices like keyboards and mice. 
   - This includes writing emails and other documents, surfing the net, and controlling smart 
      home devices.

A few examples of voice recognition software that allows people to interact with their computer 
include Voice Control for macOS/iOS, Voice Access for Android, and Windows Speech Recognition 
for Windows (referred to as Voice Access in the most recent versions of Windows). 
Dragon by Nuance is a popular third-party voice recognition software for Windows.

=> An accessibility auditing tool is an application that helps you improve the accessibility of 
   your digital content by reporting accessibility issues that can be easily found through automated
   testing. This content includes websites, web applications, and mobile apps.

   - Google Lighthouse is a popular web metric checker you can use directly within Chrome DevTools 
      or online. This means you can check not only live websites but also locally-developed ones.
      The metrics you can check include accessibility, SEO, best practices, and performance.

   - WAVE is another reliable accessibility checker you can use as a Chrome extension or on the web.
      All you need to do is enter the URL of your website and a comprehensive accessibility report 
      will be generated for you. This report includes accessibility features implemented, ARIA, 
      and contrasts.

   - The IBM Equal Accessibility Checker is another robust tool for improving digital content 
      accessibility. With it, you can scan your websites for accessibility issues and generate a 
      detailed report.

How to:
   => To use 'Lighthouse', open your DevTools by pressing F12 and switching to the Lighthouse tab. 
      Select the metrics you want to check, choose the device you want to test on, and 
      click the "Analyze page load" button.

   => To use the 'IBM Accessibility Checker' as a Chrome extension, download it from the Chrome 
      web store. 
      Open your Devtools by pressing F12 and selecting the "Accessibility Checker" tab located in 
      the Elements panel. 
      Click the scan button to start the check and a report will be generated for you. 
      You can export the report as a spreadsheet and an HTML file by clicking the "Export XLS" button.

