Color theory is the study of how colors interact with each other and how they affect our perception. 
    It covers color relationships, color harmony, and the psychological impact of color.
    Colors can be classified as either primary, secondary, or tertiary.

=> Primary colors, yellow, blue, and red, are the fundamental hues from which all other colors are 
    derived.

=> Secondary colors result from mixing equal amounts of two primary colors. Green, orange, and purple 
    are examples of secondary colors.

=> Tertiary colors result from combining a primary color with a neighboring secondary color. 
    Yellow-Green, Blue-Green, and Blue-Violet, are examples of tertiary colors.

Fundamental classification in the world of color theory:
    They can be classified as warm or cool, based on their temperature.
    - Warm colors, like reds, oranges, and yellows, evoke feelings of comfort, warmth, and coziness.
    - Cool colors, like blues, green, and purples, evoke feelings of calmness, serenity, and professionalism.

=> Frequently used color models include the RGB model, the HSV model, and the HSL model.
    They represent colors based on different properties.

=> A color scheme is the set of colors chosen for a specific design or project. They are usually 
    based on the principles of color theory. 
    - Analogous color schemes create cohesive and soothing experiences. They have analogous colors, 
        which are adjacent to each other in the color wheel.
    - Complementary color schemes create high contrast and visual impact. Their colors are located 
        on the opposite ends of the color wheel, relative to each other.
        Example: magenta is complementary to green and blue is complementary to yellow and so on.
    - A triadic color scheme has vibrant colors. They are made from colors that are approximately 
        equidistant from each other. If they are connected, they form an equilateral triangle on 
        the color wheel.
    - Monochromatic color scheme, all the colors are derived from the same base color by adjusting 
        its lightness, darkness, and saturation. This evokes a feeling of unity and harmony while still 
        creating contrast.
    
=> Color contrast is essential for web accessibility. It ensures that text and other important 
    elements are clearly distinguishable from their background. This is especially important 
    for people with visual disabilities.


=> Named colors are predefined color names recognized by browsers.
    Example: p {
                color: red;
            }

    - Named colors in CSS are a collection of 140 standard color names like red, blue, yellow, aqua, 
        fuchsia, black, and so on.
    - Useful for quick prototyping, simple designs, and improving code readability.
    - Convenient but limited, with only 140 available options.